Add PyScaffold to the list of key projects (#986)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/key_projects.rst

without publishing them publicly. Organizations who use pypiserver
usually download packages both from pypiserver and from PyPI.

.. _pyscaffold:

PyScaffold
==========

`Docs <https://pyscaffold.org>`__ |
`GitHub <https://github.com/pyscaffold/pyscaffold>`__ |
`PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/pyscaffold/>`__

> PyScaffold is a project generator that focus on bootstrapping Python
> packages, ready to be shared on PyPI and installable via :ref:`pip`.
> It relies on a set of sane default configurations and conventions for existing
> and battle-proven tools (such as :ref:`setuptools`, pytest_ and Sphinx_) to
> provide a productive environment so developers can start coding right away.
> PyScaffold can also be used to upgrade existing code that was not originally
> planed as a Python package, helping with its distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyScaffold is a project generator for bootstrapping Python packages,
ready to be shared on PyPI and installable via :ref:`pip`.
It relies on a set of sane default configurations for established tools
(such as :ref:`setuptools`, pytest_ and Sphinx_) to provide a productive
environment so developers can start coding right away.
PyScaffold can also be used with existing projects to make packaging
easier.
```

Reviewer: Also, the failing `linkcheck` is unrelated to this PR; see https://github.com/pypa/packaging.python.org/pull/998.
